Previously on Grimm...
They said you were dead.
I think I was.
I hope that stick does
what we think it does.
It's healing her!
I'm being haunted.
I believe they're
going to kill you.
Two men waiting by your car.
This time, you chose
the right side, Sean.
Two dimensions
exist simultaneously,
one where the cat is alive,
one where it's dead.
As long as the box stays
closed, both realities exist-
- Eve! Nick!
- Diana.
Mommy, it worked.
I got Nick back for you.
I think part of you
stayed in the other place.
She's not a Hexenbiest anymore.
No!
Wu, come on.
Wu, wake up, now, Wu.
This'll bring you back.
All right?
It worked on me.
Come on!
Wu, come on! Come on, Wu.
Come on. Come on, man.
Hank! Come on!
Come on! This has to work.
Come on, Hank, you're not gonna die.
You can't die!
Please, please, Hank, come on.
Why isn't this working?
God!
Oh, God.
Nick!
They're dead.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, Nick.
Did you... It's not working.
No, they can't be dead!
Oh, my God! He killed everybody.
Except me, and I don't know why.
Maybe he thought you were dead,
or maybe
the stick protected you.
Well, if the stick protected me,
why didn't it do anything
to help Hank or Wu?
Didn't anybody shoot this thing?
We all did, it didn't
make any difference.
Nick, we have to find
out how to stop him.
I'm not gonna have
any more cops killed.
I'm gonna find him
and I'm gonna kill him.
If bullets won't kill him, we have to
do this the way our ancestors did.
Cut off his head.
The weapon's still
in the Spice Shop?
I have to warn Adalind first.
It's Nick.
- Nick?
- Where's Renard?
He's right here.
He needs to hear this,
but I don't want Diana to.
She's asleep. We're upstairs.
What happened?
Zerstörer hit the precinct.
What?
He killed
everyone who was inside.
Everyone?
Including Hank and Wu.
Oh, my God, Nick, no.
Where were you?
I was with them.
I was the only one he didn't kill...
Couldn't kill... I don't know.
Bullets don't have
any effect on him.
I still have the stick, maybe
that's why I'm not dead.
I tried to use it on Wu and Hank,
but it didn't do anything.
Nick, Diana said that this
thing doesn't just want her,
it also wants Kelly.
No.
We have to stop him.
We're doing everything we can.
Trubel's with me.
Thank God.
I'm gonna send her after you.
What?
If he finds them,
I need one of us with them.
Okay-
I'm going to the Spice Shop, I'll
check in with you from there.
Please be careful.
You, too.
Here, take my car.
I don't think we
should split up.
I need you out there.
What if...
What if, what?
I'm afraid to even say it, but what
if Zerstörer really is unstoppable?
You mean unkillable?
I mean un-whatever it
takes to get rid of him.
We don't know if he's a devil,
some dark force of the universe,
or just evil incarnate.
Everything has
a beginning and an end.
Well, I'm not finding
any beginning or end
to whatever Zerstörer is.
"Strength of One's Blood"
mean anything to anybody?
No, why?
Well, there's
a reference to it here,
maybe sort of an Achilles'
heel type of thing?
Specifically for Zerstörer?
No, it's more generically in
reference to unstoppable evil,
Zerstörer-like dark
forces of the universe
that precipitate
apocalyptic events.
"When the beast
appears invincible
"and death the only
fate to those who fight it,"
"only the strength
of one's blood"
"can overcome the great evil
and destroy the destroyer."
"Strength of One's Blood."
There are a ton of
blood spells in this book.
It's how I got
through the mirror.
I think I know of one.
It's a potion. Force do sang.
It's in one of
my parents' books.
It's really difficult to make
though, it takes a ton of time,
has quite a few ingredients,
and is almost impossible to do
because it requires the blood
of three opposing forces,
a Grimm, a Wesen,
and a Hexenbiest.
Well, yeah.
I mean, that would
be next to impossible,
considering a Grimm will kill any
Wesen who asks for its blood,
and a Hexenbiest will pretty much
kill anything for any reason.
But not for us.
You really think it'll work?
I have no idea, but it's definitely
a "last resort" kind of potion.
Maybe it's just what we need
to defeat this evil bastard.
Well, we're gonna
have to ask Adalind
because my blood
won't work anymore.
I'll text Nick.
Dude, we are taking you down.
That's enough.
Okay, now.
Nick, back here.
We may be onto something
that might put an end to Zerstörer.
Yeah, it's sort of
an Achilles' heel deal.
It's called force do sang.
It's referenced in one of the books
as "Strength of One's Blood."
We're gonna need your blood.
What's wrong?
It hit the precinct.
We tried to fight it,
but it killed everyone.
What do you mean, everyone?
Hank. Wu.
What? Oh, my God!
Hank and Wu are gone?
Yeah.
I can't believe it.
Trubel showed up after.
I sent her to the cabin.
What do you need my blood for?
We need the blood
of a Grimm, a Wesen,
and a Hexenbiest
for this to work.
They all need to be
mixed at the same time.
We have to go to Adalind.
Nick, it's the strongest
poison I know of.
Yeah, supposedly,
just this side of nuclear.
Let's do it! All right.
I just need a few more minutes
to get it ready to go.
This better work,
'cause I don't
know how I'm gonna get
close enough to him
to cut his head off.
Hey, get me a thermos.
I wonder who was
collecting all of these.
If I remember, it was a postman.
Blutbaden, old school.
Look, I want to
tell you something.
Now, we've both
made a lot of mistakes.
Too many.
But we did one thing right.
Diana.
I'm sorry for
a lot of that stuff.
Me, too.
I wish I'd never heard of those
damn keys, or Black Claw.
Or Bonaparte. Or this.
Am I ever gonna be able
to take this damn thing off?
You never tried
after Bonaparte died?
He said that
great harm would come
to my children if
I ever took it off.
I don't want to
take that chance.
I will do everything in my power
to protect Diana and Kelly.
I know you will.
It's Trubel.
Trubel!
You're supposed to
be on our side now?
A lot has changed.
Yeah, I know.
I wish Meisner knew.
Trust me, he does.
I'll be outside.
If he shows, you'll know.
Question, once it's ready,
how do we get it on Zerstörer?
What about
dipping bullets in it?
Like we did with the Siegbarste?
Remember, we shot him with
that poison and it worked.
I still have the gun.
Maybe we should bring it.
I'll get it.
Take your own car.
Once this is ready,
you don't need to be there.
I'll ride with Nick.
I wish I hadn't lost what I was.
I'm sorry my blood is no good for
this, we could've made it here.
I thought you weren't gonna
do that anymore.
Do what?
Regret what's done.
I have no regrets, and I
am definitely not done.
That I know.
Nick, go, they need your blood!
No!
Go!
Eve.
Juliette.
No regrets.
Come on. Come on.
Not you. Not you.
Oh, God!
Where are you?
Come back and fight!
God damn you!
Come on!
You alone? Yeah.
But Nick and Eve should be
pretty close behind us.
He tell you about Hank and Wu?
I can't believe it.
I don't think I ever will.
You brought food?
We found something
that might work on Zerstörer.
What?
We need to talk to Adalind.
She's inside.
What happened?
We found something
in one of the books
referenced as
"Strength of One's Blood."
Have you ever
heard of force do sang?
"Power of blood"?
Yeah, I have, but, I mean, that's
pretty impossible, isn't it?
It's definitely not easy.
We're praying it'll
work against Zerstörer.
Okay, but doesn't
it need a Wesen,
Hexenbiest, and a Grimm's blood?
Yes, Nick should be here soon.
We'll just start getting it ready.
Okay-
That's his place.
What's happening?
I can't guarantee what'll
happen if I go any closer.
It's too dangerous.
But there's nothing more I can do.
I'm out of here.
Hey. Where's Eve?
No.
Let's go.
Nick's here.
Oh, God, I'm glad you're back.
It's just awful about Hank and Wu.
- They didn't deserve that.
- None of 'em did.
Where's Eve?
Zerstörer hit the Spice Shop
just after you left.
Oh, God. He killed her.
Oh, God.
This can't be happening.
He let you live again?
It's gotta be the stick.
I don't know how
else to explain it.
I tried to use it on her,
it didn't work.
This Will.
Okay, the knife has to go through
all of our hands together.
Then what?
Then we pull it out,
and all of our blood flows
together into the bowl.
It can't be one
of the three of us.
I can't.
I can.
Now, we Woge.
DO it!
Keep it together!
Okay-
That's enough blood.
I like that part of the spell.
I've never seen that before.
Hope that's what
happens to Zerstörer.
Mommy.
Is everything all right, honey?
I feel different
and I can't sleep.
There's no need to
be scared, sweetie.
I'm not anymore.
Well, good.
Because we have something
that'll take care of
him once and for all.
Oh, so you know
he's coming here.
What?
He knows where Nick is.
How?
The stick tells him.
Oh, my God! That's how he
knows where you are, Nick.
And he wants it, Nick. He's been
looking for it for a very long time.
Diana?
Diana!
No. No!
No, Diana!
Take Kelly and get out of here.
Nick, you need me! Save him!
Trubel, please!
Okay, you should go with Trubel.
I am not leaving you, and
don't you dare argue with me!
Don't hurt him.
He wants me to be with him.
Honey, you don't know
what you're talking about.
He needs me!
I'll die before I
let you have her.
I know.
Monroe, get the bowl.
- But don't spill anything!
- Don't get it on you!
Okay-
Oh, my God.
Diana.
It's working!
I'm not taking any chances.
Oh, crap!
Trubel! Run!
Monroe!
Adalind.
Save Kelly and Diana.
No. No.
Monroe. Monroe.
No, you can't.
You can't.
No!
Stay away from my brother.
Diana...
You son of a bitch!
Kelly!
We're ready.
My brother likes you, too.
You've taken everything from me,
you're not gonna take my son.
That doesn't need to happen.
None of this does.
The stick is what you want.
It is.
You can't kill me
as long as I have it.
I'm willing to give you
something in exchange for it.
I'm not interested.
You will be.
Trubel!
Trubel...
Nick! Did We kill him?
No.
Then why are we alive?
I can give them all back to you.
What the hell is going on?
You can have it.
No, Nick!
You can't give it to this
lying son-of-a-bitch-devil!
If he wants the stick so bad,
why doesn't he just take it?
Why's he asking when he can
just take it from you?
What is he not telling you?
You might want to ask
your children what to do.
Nick, you can't give it to him.
I want the people I
love to live again.
Take it!
No, Nick! Nick, no!
Don't! Nick!
I understand what you want, but
this will be the end of humanity.
This isn't about us,
or the ones we love.
I can't let you do this.
Get out of my way!
No.
Nick! Nick,
please don't do this.
No!
Nick! Nick.
You must not...
You cannot betray us.
And what we are.
Stop. You must stop.
KELLY; Nick. Nicky!
Mom?
You can't do
what you want to do.
How are you here?
Don't give away what you hold.
They're all dead.
I have no choice!
AUNT MARIE; Nick.
Aunt Marie.
What you think you have to do
is not what must be done.
Trubel is right.
He can't take it from you,
it has to be given to him.
That is why he has taken
everyone you loved, Nick.
So that you will
give him what he wants.
If you do this,
you will sacrifice the world
to endless pain and suffering.
The world you saw
in the other place.
I want my friends back.
I want Adalind, and Diana...
I want my son!
I want 'em all back.
You can defeat him.
I tried, I can't!
You can. You can.
With the Strength
of One's Blood!
We tried that! You didn't.
The strength of your blood, the blood
of your Grimm ancestors, all of us!
It's inside you.
It's what's makes us who we are.
Trubel, too.
The strength we need, that we all
need, comes from our family.
It's where we've always found
the way and the will to fight.
And with that,
we can defeat any evil.
Together.
Nick!
This is what you
killed everyone to get.
Give it to me.
Come and get it.
No.
You wanted it?
Here it is.
How'd you know I needed you?
We feel it.
Why do you think
Theresa came back?
She felt it, too.
We are all descendants
of the first Grimm.
That stick you found, the one
our Grimm ancestors buried,
is part of a much greater power.
Guard it well.
You kept me from
doing something terrible.
We helped you
find your strength.
Take good care of my grandson.
I like his name.
I can't believe we did it.
The two of us
taking this thing down.
The two of us?
What are you talking about?
Me and you, who else?
But I did nothing for them.
Nick! Where did they go?
Who?
The other Grimms
fighting with you.
Oh, my God.
I can bring them
all back to life.
What are you talking about?
If it worked for you,
it can work for them.
Nick, something's happening.
No way!
Nick... No!
Nick, no!
Nick! Nick, no!
- Eve!
- Nick?
Nick? I don't believe it!
Are you okay?
Mommy, it worked.
I got Nick back for you.
Thank God you're okay.
You're alive.
Yeah, so are you.
Oh, my God. You're all alive.
What happened?
Eve! You're okay!
You're okay.
Yeah.
You're all okay.
Even you. Yeah.
We're fine.
It's you two
we're worried about.
Oh, my God, we're too late.
Rosalee!
Nick!
Hank, you're okay!
Wait, you're okay?
And you!
Oh, God. Oh, God!
Yeah. Why, wasn't I?
- Trubel!
What're you doing here?
Oh, my God!
I've been looking for
you guys everywhere.
Trubel.
I had a feeling something
bad was gonna happen.
But I guess it didn't.
What?
You're a Hexenbiest again.
Again?
Nick, he didn't
come back through.
No, he didn't.
He's dead,
and I'm not afraid anymore.
Neither am I.
Kelly! Where's Kelly?
Hey!
I'm so glad you're all here.
Nick, are you all right?
What's wrong?
I thought you were all...
Nick?
I'm just so thankful
you're all here.
I know this ain't
gonna make a lot of sense,
but when I was in
the other place,
I didn't know if
I'd ever get back.
And I felt what it would be
like to lose all of you,
everyone I ever loved,
and anyone who ever meant
anything to me, my family.
We thought we had
lost you, too, man.
Come here.
We did it!
Uh, Nick?
Where did this come from?
He didn't
know what to tell them.
But this time Zerstörer did
not come through the mirror
anywhere in the world.
Because in the final epic battle
with the terrible
beast from the other place,
Nick Burkhardt discovered that
the only way to defeat such evil
was with
the Strength of his Blood,
his Aunt Marie,
his mother Kelly,
and Trubel, his third cousin
on his mother's side.
The power of our ancestors.
And though the people
of our world would never know
how close they had
come to Hell on Earth,
we knew.
Because he never turned away
from who he was, a Grimm,
and for that reason
the world was changed.
Some will say it's just
a myth, legend, or fairy tale,
but I know it's true
because my father told me so.
Kelly, come on. I'm almost done.
Let's go.
Diana! Hurry up.
I'm coming!
Mom and Dad are waiting.
We've got Wesen to kill.
The triplets are coming, too.
Yeah?
What's taking you so long?